README.md, before:

# Zerodha Landing Page

This is a simple HTML and CSS project that mimics the homepage of Zerodha, an online stock trading platform. This project serves as a demonstration of basic web development skills.

## Project Overview

This project includes a simple navigation bar, a landing image, and some promotional text, along with a call-to-action button. It is designed to be a static representation and does not include any backend functionality.

## Table of Contents

- [Demo](#demo)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Demo

![Zerodha Clone Screenshot](./landing.png)
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-29 at 4 07 19 PM" src="https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page/assets/141414310/9f12ad6c-b029-4bbe-b242-3d2a6a3e3eea">

![Zerodha Clone Screenrecording]

https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page/assets/141414310/e53a75d8-13eb-4e00-b193-95335c56f3fa


## Features

- Navigation bar with links to Sign Up, About Us, Info, and Contact Us pages.
- Large landing image with a promotional tagline.
- Call-to-action button for signing up.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS (inline styles in HTML for simplicity)

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:

    ```sh
    https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```sh
    cd Zerodha-Landing-Page
    ```

## Usage

Open the `index.html` file in your web browser to view the Zerodha clone homepage.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any improvements or bug fixes.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`.
5. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Hosted link updated in Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Zerodha Landing Page

This is a simple HTML and CSS project that mimics the homepage of Zerodha, an online stock trading platform. This project serves as a demonstration of basic web development skills.

## Project Overview

This project includes a simple navigation bar, a landing image, and some promotional text, along with a call-to-action button. It is designed to be a static representation and does not include any backend functionality.

## Table of Contents

- [Demo](#demo)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Demo

You can view the hosted version of this project here: https://zerodha-landing-page-qibc.vercel.app/

![Zerodha Clone Screenshot](./landing.png)
<img width="1470" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-29 at 4 07 19 PM" src="https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page/assets/141414310/9f12ad6c-b029-4bbe-b242-3d2a6a3e3eea">

![Zerodha Clone Screenrecording]

https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page/assets/141414310/e53a75d8-13eb-4e00-b193-95335c56f3fa


## Features

- Navigation bar with links to Sign Up, About Us, Info, and Contact Us pages.
- Large landing image with a promotional tagline.
- Call-to-action button for signing up.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS (inline styles in HTML for simplicity)

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:

    ```sh
    https://github.com/kingadarsh/Zerodha-Landing-Page.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```sh
    cd Zerodha-Landing-Page
    ```

## Usage

Open the `index.html` file in your web browser to view the Zerodha clone homepage.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any improvements or bug fixes.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`.
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`.
5. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
